Update README.md with examples section (#358)
getsentry/sentry-android: README.md

[Adding Native support to our Android SDK](https://blog.sentry.io/2019/11/25/adding-native-support-to-our-android-sdk).

> # Examples
> 
> [Sample App. with Sentry Android SDK and Sentry Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/examples/tree/master/android).
> 
> [Built-In Example for Development](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android/tree/master/sentry-sample).
> 

Reviewer: Should we call it Sample?

```suggestion
# Samples

[Sample App. with Sentry Android SDK and Sentry Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/examples/tree/master/android).

[Sample for Development](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android/tree/master/sentry-sample).

```
